Contributor guide: instructions on how to preview the website (#591)
Qiskit/ecosystem: CONTRIBUTING.md

   <code> tox -eblack </code>
- To Fix the black violation  <code> black <PATH_FILE_YOU_WANT_TO_FIX> </code>

# Create a preview of the website

> 1. Build the website running
>   <code> tox -ewebsite </code>
> 2. Go to the <code> website/ </code> folder in the root of your project
> 3. Open the <code> index.html </code> file with your favourite browser

Reviewer: Using a backtick should be equivalent to `<code>`.

```suggestion
1. Build the website: `tox -ewebsite`
2. Go to the `website/` folder in the root of your project and open up `index.html` in a browser
```

   <code> tox -eblack </code>
- To Fix the black violation  <code> black <PATH_FILE_YOU_WANT_TO_FIX> </code>

> # Create a preview of the website from your fork

Reviewer: Hm, how do you preview the site locally? I don't think this is necessary to say how to preview from the fork. Most people prefer to iterate locally rather than through CI since it's much faster.

Author: Okay! I changed the instructions to how to preview the website locally.
